Home
Later Blog
Latest
Platforms
Topics
By Role
Free Resources
Videos
Search
TIKTOK BLOGS & RESOURCES
The Top TikTok Trends to Try This Week
By Monique Thomas
•
Updated on May 4, 2023
•
35 minute read
Looking for some TikTok inspo? You've come to the right place.
Published May 4, 2023
Content
Introduction
TikTok Trends: May 2023
TikTok Trends: April 2023
TikTok Trends: March 2023
TikTok Trends: February 2023
TikTok Trends: January 2023
TikTok Trends: December 2022
TikTok Trends: November 2022
TikTok Trends: October 2022
TikTok Trends: September 2022
TikTok Trends: August 2022
TikTok Trends: July 2022
TikTok Trends: June 2022
TikTok Trends: May 2022
TikTok Trends: April 2022
Conclusion
Share
Share on Facebook (opens new window)
Share on Twitter (opens new window)
Share on LinkedIn (opens new window)
Share on Pinterest (opens new window)
Share on Reddit (opens new window)
Every other week, we'll update this resource with the top TikTok trends heating up on the feed, what they are, and how you can incorporate them into your strategy.
FYI: You can schedule your TikTok content in advance with Later's scheduling tools. Create an account and start planning today:
What's Trending on TikTok? — May 2023 Roundup
Discover the hottest trends on TikTok this month.
Trend: I Don't Do Well With The Drama — May 4, 2023
Trend Recap: This trend currently only has 590 posts — but we predict it'll boom soon.
Using a CapCut template and Justin Bieber audio, share something you no longer do because "of the drama."
Audio: original sound — @musiclifequotesetc134
Current # of Posts: 590 — jump on it early!
Trend: Ok, Well That's Interesting — May 4, 2023
Trend Recap: Running away from your problems is the way to go...right? 🙃
With this trending sound, share a scenario that you'd rather avoid — whether it's your sibling noticing you wearing their favorite shirt or your boss asking for a status update.
Audio: original sound — @memesaboutstuff
Current # of Posts: 69.7K
ICYMI: With Later's social media management tools, you can streamline your workflow, schedule content in advance, analyze posts, and more. Create an account — for free:
What's Trending on TikTok? — April 2023 Roundup
Discover the hottest trends on TikTok this month.
Trend: Wes Anderson — April 28, 2023
Trend Recap: It doesn’t take a film buff to enjoy this one.
Use this trending sound, contrasting colors, and a few quirky clips to channel Wes Anderson’s iconic film style.
Just don’t forget to add text overlay that reads, “You better not turn [mundane event] into a Wes Anderson film.”
Audio: Obituary - Alexandre Desplat
Current # of Posts: 36.8K
Trend: Why Is Everyone Acting Weird — April 21, 2023
Trend Recap: Do anything weird lately?
Use this soundbite of Jersey Shore's Nicole Polizzi (aka “Snookie”) to address the elephant in the room.
Audio: Original sound - jersey shore + more.
Current # of Posts: 18.5K
Trend: Hell N Back — April 21, 2023
Trend Recap: This 2019 track by Bakar is making a comeback on TikTok.  
Use the catchy tune to showcase a day in the life, a recipe, or some product highlights.
Audio: Original sound - Phoebe
Current # of Posts: 135.1K
Trend: Could You Be Loved — April 14, 2023
Trend Recap: Perfect for morning vlogs, OOTDs, and all-around good vibes — ring in the warm weather with this classic track by Bob Marley & The Wailers.
Audio: Could You Be Loved - Bob Marley & The Wailers
Current # of Posts: 133.2K
Trend: West Coast — April 6, 2023
Trend Recap: Mellow out to the beat of Lana Del Rey’s “West Coast” and showcase how various hairstyles can drastically change your look. 
Audio: Original sound - ✰
Current # of Posts: 45.3K
Trend: Oh No I’m Devastated — April 6, 2023
Trend Recap: Don’t tempt us with a good time.
Use this cheeky audio to laugh at something that’s meant to upset you but... doesn’t. 
Audio: Oh No Im devastated - jonscottwontstop
Current # of Posts: 12.2K
Want to schedule your TikTok content in advance? Later's scheduling tools have got you covered. Join over 7M brands, creators, and social media managers, and create an account today:
What's Trending on TikTok? — March 2023 Roundup
Discover the hottest trends on TikTok this month.
Trend: Happy With You — March 31, 2023
Trend Recap: Do you have something to share with the class? 
Use this CapCut template, along with text overlay to deliver your message — no announcement is too small.
Audio: Happy with you - Official Sound Studio 
Current # of Posts: 190.6K
Trend: Sucession — March 31, 2023
Trend Recap: HBO's Succession is back for its final season, so it’s only natural the series theme song would return to our FYPs.
Use the ominous track to showcase a Roy-style penthouse, a stunning view, or a genius life hack.
Audio: Succession Main Theme (“”From Succession””) - Geek Music
Current # of Posts: 13.7K
Trend: Are We Best Friends? — March 24, 2023
Trend Recap: This up-and-coming audio is giving major side-eye. 
So, who's someone you claim to be your best friend, but things might not be reciprocated? Lights, camera, action.  
Audio: Original sound - dankojin
Current # of Posts: 7.3K
Trend: Screaming, Crying, Throwing Up — March 24, 2023
Trend Recap: Taylor Swift’s Eras tour is in full swing, and you know what that means: Trending Taylor content. 
Use this “Blank Space” remix to highlight something you're screaming, crying, or throwing up about.
Audio: Screaming crying throwing up Blank Space edit - Cowboy Han
Current # of Posts: 4.2K
Trend: You’re Joking — March 16, 2023
Trend Recap: This audio perfectly depicts the shock of discovering something that must be a joke. 
Because TBH, the math just isn’t mathing.
Audio: Your joking - n0ggernUtter
Current # of Posts: 28.2K
Trend: I Left You Alone For Five Minutes — March 16, 2023
Trend Recap: Use this trending audio to highlight somewhere you'd (obviously) spend a lot of money, in five minutes flat.
The more absurd, the funnier.
Audio: Costco Escapades Dalecsander - DAleCsander
Current # of Posts: 139.2K
Trend: Do You Feel Bonita? — March 9, 2023
Trend Recap: Question for the class: Do you or do you not feel bonita?
Use this trending audio from Family Guy to make sure a friend or loved one feels beautiful!
Audio: HEYYY WAIT A SECOND - THEREALFIERY
Current # of Posts: 169.8K
Trend: No — March 9, 2023
Trend Recap: This up-and-coming audio from the Sturniolo triplets is giving big no energy.
So what's a no-no for you? Use this audio to spell it out.
Audio: No - kenzie !! 🤍
Current # of Posts: 11.7K
Trend: Worsaaaaa — March 3, 2023
Trend Recap: Let's all hit rock bottom together.
Use this trending audio to highlight a moment when things took a turn for the worsaaaaa.
Audio: Worsaaaaa - ✨Kae Da Don✨
Current # of Posts: 4.8K
Trend: Why I'm Single — March 3, 2023
Trend Recap: ICYMI: Selena Gomez is single and taking over TikTok.
Follow in Ms. Gomez's shoes by using this trending audio to point out something that's glaringly obvious, too.
Audio: Original sound - Simona | LIFE ADVICE
Current # of Posts: 6.5K
FYI:  Later is an approved TikTok Content Marketing Partner, meaning you can schedule your TikTok videos in advance — for free:
What's Trending on TikTok? — February 2023 Roundup
Discover the hottest trends on TikTok this month.
Trend: My Ancestors — February 24, 2023
Trend Recap: ICYMI: Our ancestors are not impressed.
Use this trend to point out modern-day things your ancestors would be embarrassed or disappointed by. 
Audio: Original sound - 🌊🏄🏼‍♀️🤙🏼
Current # of Posts: 58.3K
Trend: I Was Racking My Brain — February 24, 2023
Trend Recap: This trending audio is the perfect way to point out a red flag, or something that gives you the ick — no disrespect to Manitoba. 
Audio: EWWWWWWW - karisse ⚢
Current # of Posts: 21.7K
Trend: Boy’s A Liar Pt. 2 — February 17, 2023
Trend Recap: ICYMI: that boy’s still a liar.
Use Pt. 2 of this iconic PinkPantheress and Ice Spice track to flex on your ex, document your skincare routine, or show off an OOTD. 
Audio: Boy's a liar Pt. 2 - PinkPantheress & Ice Spice
Current # of Posts: 424.6K
Trend: Boy Be In My DMs — February 17, 2023
Trend Recap: If you've got it, go ahead and flaunt it. 
Whether it be a lip sync or a fit check, use this Tank and The Bangas audio to share some self-love content. 
Audio: Original sound - jessthegreat
Current # of Posts: 483.1K
Trend: What’s Rule Number One? — February 10, 2023
Trend Recap: Pair this trending audio with text-overlay to describe a relatable situation.
When the audio says "Party," say what you want to do, but shouldn't do — like retail therapy when you should be paying your bills.
The list goes on.
Audio: original sound - Angie
Current # of Posts: 11.2K
Trend: Okay, You've Got Me There — February 10, 2023
Trend Recap: POV: Someone calls you out for something you've done 🫠
But just as this audio suggests, what you're doing isn't a crime, and you can use the text tool to highlight just that.
Audio: you got me there - ifa ꨄ︎
Current # of Posts: 16K
Trend: Should I Make Some Drama? — February 3, 2023
Trend Recap: It’s the first week of February, so things are slow. 
This trending audio (courtesy of Selena Gomez) suggests that you spice up your life with some drama because, why not?!
Audio: Original sound - Selenagomez fan
Current # of Posts: 19.2K
Trend: Pass or Smash — February 3, 2023
Trend Recap: This week on TikTok, play a game of pass or smash with a topic that reveals who you really are.
It's simple: Pair the audio with text-overlay detailing what you’re passing on and what you're surprisingly here for. 
Audio: Pass or Smash- 💜The Simple Touches💜
Current # of Posts: 74.4K
FYI: Later is an approved TikTok Content Marketing Partner, meaning you can schedule your TikTok videos in advance — for free:
What's Trending on TikTok? — January 2023 Roundup
Discover the hottest trends on TikTok this month.
Trend: This Is A Dream — January 27, 2023
Trend Recap: Use this trending audio from The Office to convince your audience that you’re not going to give up on your dreams — rooted in reality or not.  
Audio: Original sound - Bela
Current # of Posts: 10.5K
Trend: Reasons Why — January 20, 2023
Trend Recap: This trend dares you to find a reason why you shouldn't do something — especially when all signs point to "I told you so."
Audio: Original sound - smelliot’s priv
Current # of Posts: 115.9K
Trend: Sandals — January 20, 2023
Trend Recap: This up-and-coming trend is a great way to express being "over it."
Whether it’s canceling plans or forcing yourself to work, use this audio to establish your stay-at-home vibes. 
Audio: Original sound - Colind French
Current # of Posts: 8.4K
Trend: It Was Never That Serious — January 13, 2023
Trend Recap: Relatable trend incoming.
Use this sound to recall a moment when you overreacted or took it too far — because it was truly never that serious.
Audio: Original sound - princessazula0
Current # of Posts: 74K
Trend: It Is Not — January 13, 2023
Trend Recap: Have an unbelievable fact or sudden revelation to get off your chest? Share it via this iconic Jennifer Tilly audio.
Audio: Original sound - Taylor Dean
Current # of Posts: 70K
Trend: Who Stresses You Out? — January 6, 2023
Trend Recap: This cheeky trend asks you to point the camera at someone who stresses you out.
Spoiler alert: typically, it ends with the camera pointing right back at y-o-u.
Audio: Original sound - BABYFACE
Current # of Posts: 16.4K
Trend: Day Off From Work — January 6, 2023
Trend Recap: After the holidays, getting back into the swing of things can be tough.
This trend is the perfect way to highlight your ideal day off: sleep, sleep, and more sleep.
Audio: The Vibe With Ky Day Off From Work - The Vibe With Ky
Current # of Posts: 2.3K
Want to schedule your TikTok content in advance? Later's scheduling tools have got you covered. Join over 7M brands, creators, and social media managers, and create an account today:
What's Trending on TikTok? — December 2022 Roundup
Discover the hottest trends on TikTok this month.
Trend: I'm Going To Be Happy This Year — December 23, 2022
Trend Recap: Raise your hands if you've been personally victimized by the year 2022.
If so, use this trending audio to poke fun at hardships you've gone through — just remember, you always have next year to make things right!
Audio: Alexey - original sound
Current # of Posts: 2.3K
Trend: Microwave Popcorn — December 16, 2022
Trend Recap: Ever feel like you’re not getting someone's full attention?
Use this trend to poke fun at a friend or family member who just isn’t getting the message, and express your true feelings!
Audio: Microwave Popcorn - Bo Burnham
Current # of Posts: 173.2K
Trend: It's Not So Bad — December 16, 2022
Trend Recap: Good or bad, people are going to have opinions on your content. So, why not have the last laugh?
Use this humorous audio to dismiss any negative comments by playing the world’s tiniest violin and watch the LOLs roll in!
Audio: Pигинальный звук - zotov
Current # of Posts: 194K
Trend: I’ll Dance With My Hands — December 8, 2022
Trend Recap: The Addams Family spinoff series, Wednesday just dropped on Netflix, and Jenna Ortega’s gothic choreography has the internet in a frenzy.
Use this sound to mimic Wednesday’s moves — and by the time you snap your fingers twice, you’ll have gone viral.
Audio: Original sound - main account got banned
Current # of Posts: 1.3M
Trend: There Is No Way — December 8, 2022
Trend Recap: Need to give someone a reality check? This Alexis Rose audio from the show Schitt's Creek has you covered.
Jump on this newly trending sound and share something you’re absolutely not fond of.
Audio: Original sound - Schitt’s Creek
Current # of Posts: 7.9K
Trend: It's Time — December 2, 2022
Trend Recap: And just like that [Mariah Carey squeals in a high octave] it's TIIIIIIME!
So, what are you excited about in the coming month? Spell it out and share it to the tune of this trend.
Audio: Original sound - Noah schnapp>
Current # of Posts: 129.7K
Trend: I Am Ready To Give Up — December 2, 2022
Trend Recap: This cheeky audio pokes fun at life's constant hurdles.
Give it a go by doing your best cheerleading routine, paired with text overlay that communicates exactly what's stressing you out in 5, 6, 7, 8.
Audio: Original sound - jacky vc
Current # of Posts: 12.3K
FYI: Later is an approved TikTok Content Marketing Partner, meaning you can schedule your TikTok videos in advance — for free:
What's Trending on TikTok? — November 2022 Roundup
Discover the hottest trends on TikTok this month.
Trend: My Cue to Leave — November 25, 2022
Trend Recap: This trend is giving big "no thank you" vibes.
Use this audio to describe a situation (or statement) that's your cue to leave.
While there aren't that many posts yet, we predict you'll soon see this audio all over your FYP.
Audio: original sound - C O L I N R E S P 😌 N S E
Current # of Posts: 1K
Trend: It Would Be So Awesome — November 25, 2022
Trend Recap: This trend is all about persuasion.
Think of a scenario where you want to entice someone to see things your way. It could be a big ask or a small one, but either way — wouldn't it be awesome if they did it?
Audio: It Would Be So Awesome - Dalton
Current # of Posts: 32.6K
Trend: Why You Asking All Them Questions — November 17, 2022
Trend Recap: Make Tyra Banks proud and smize with your eyes.
This trend is all about telling a story through your facial expressions — so have fun with it. Show off your creative side and hit each question with a telling look!
Audio: Why You Asking All Them Questions - Spoken Reasons
Current # of Posts: 282.4K
Trend: Hacker — November 10, 2022
Trend Recap: This trend suggests that *if* a hacker threatened to leak all your photos, the images might not be what they expect.
From cute cat pics to selfies of yourself crying — use the beat of this audio to share your camera roll's best!
Audio: оригінальний звук - Viktoriaa🌸
Current # of Posts: 195K
Trend: All I Want For Christmas Is — November 10, 2022
Trend Recap: The queen of Christmas has entered the chat.

Use Mariah Carey's holiday hit to celebrate the magic of the season while you dress the tree, or embark on a festive recipe!
Audio: All I Want For Christmas Is - Mariah Carey
Current # of Posts: 10.8M
Trend: All Your’n — November 4, 2022
Trend Recap: What better way to ring in cuffing season, than with this sound?
Use this sped-up Tyler Childers song to show off, and brag about your love life!
Audio: All Your'n (Sped Up) - Tyler Childers
Current # of Posts: 189K
Trend: Bejeweled — November 4, 2022
Trend Recap: Make your next TikTok shimmer thanks to Taylor Swift's latest track.
When the beat drops, position yourself away from the camera and do your best model walk back toward it.
TIP: Don’t forget to wiggle your fingers on “shimmer.”
Audio: Bejeweled - Taylor Swift
Current # of Posts: 126K
Want to schedule your TikTok content in advance? Later's scheduling tools have got you covered. Join over 7M brands, creators, and social media managers, and create an account today:
What's Trending on TikTok? — October 2022 Roundup
Discover the hottest trends on TikTok this month.
Trend: Anti-Hero — October 28, 2021
Trend Recap: There's nothing like a new Taylor Swift album to inspire a TikTok trend.
Use this catchy audio with text overlay to spell out something that you're guilty of.
Audio: Anti-Hero - Taylor Swift
Current # of Posts: 108K
Trend: Pink + White — October 28, 2021
Trend Recap: My how the tables have turned! For once, a Reels trend has found its way to the TikTok universe.
Pair this remix of Frank Ocean's popular track with a day in the life, your morning routine, or to recap a recent vacay.
Audio: pink plus white - ✿
Current # of Posts: 51K
Trend: Fighting Off — October 20, 2021
Trend Recap: You’re going to want to break out the boxing moves for this one.
Whether it’s a despised vegetable or an intrusive thought, use this sound to share what you’re fighting off.
Audio: Original Sound - schlongerdonger
Trend: Will I Get Over It? — October 20, 2021
Trend Recap: Overthinkers, tap in.
Use this iconic Dwight Schrute quote from the series, The Office to share something you just can’t get over.
Audio: Original Sound - James
Trend: A Negroni — October 14, 2022
Trend Recap: Emma D'Arcy and Olivia Cooke — co-stars on the hit show, House of the Dragon — have an interview clip that's gone viral.
In it, Olivia asks Emma what their drink of choice is, and the rest is history: "A negroni. Sbagliato. With Prosecco in it."
Use this audio to highlight something you love or your favorite things.
Audio: a negroni sbagliato w prosecco — hbo max
Trend: I Don't Need To BeReal — October 14, 2022
Trend Recap: This trend is a fun play on words, inspired by the popular app, BeReal.
For the first clip, use onscreen text that says, "I don't need to be BeReal." In the next clip, write, "I need to Be___" and fill in the blank.
Get creative! You could say, "BeRich" or "BeTakingANap" — the sky's the limit.
Audio: weak speed — love?
TikTrend: You've Been a Great Help Today — October 7, 2022
Trend Recap: Notice anyone doing the bare minimum?
Use this playful audio to call out said individuals — or yourself. 😉
Audio: Original Sound - charityshopsue
Trend: I Would Rather Sit On A Hot Grill — October 7, 2022
Trend Recap: This viral audio comes courtesy of the popular television series, New Girl.
To get in on the trend: Lip sync the dialogue, and when "wear something off the rack" is said, add on-screen text to describe a situation you're avoiding.
Audio: Original Sound - classicsitcoms
Want to schedule your TikTok content in advance? Later's scheduling tools have got you covered. Join over 7M brands, creators, and social media managers, and create an account today:
What's Trending on TikTok? — September 2022 Roundup
Discover the hottest trends on TikTok this month.
Trend: Everything Is Awful — September 29, 2022
Trend Recap: With just over 30K videos, now is the perfect time to hop on this trend. 
Pair this dramatic news anchor audio with text overlay, and share something that isn’t going according to plan. 
Audio: Original Sound - Mark Humphries
Trend: Dumb Dumb — September 29, 2022
Trend Recap: Netflix’s latest hit, Do Revenge, is sweeping the nation and its lead track “Dumb Dumb” was tailor-made for transitions. 
Use the audio to reveal a product, a brand new fit, or a red carpet makeup look.
Audio: Dumb Dumb by Mazie - 💋 5.8k !!
Trend: Forget — September 23, 2022
Trend Recap: You’re going to want to grab a friend for this one!
Share something that you've been actively dodging while recreating this animated Sailor Moon choreography.
Audio: Forget by Pogo - mil
Trend: The Baddest Of Them All — September 23, 2022
Trend Recap: This sound is begging you to walk the runway!
Strut the streets in your best fit or use the track to showcase a day in the life.
Audio: Original Sound - Ian Asher
Trend: If I Was A... — September 16, 2022
Trend Recap: This trend makes for a perfect "get to know you" video.
Sync photos to the beat of the audio, share what you'd be (according to a follower, friend, partner, or yourself) if you were a color, animal, season, place, thing, food, flower — the list goes on.
P.S. This trend requires a lot of photos, so it may take additional editing time!
Audio: Run Boy Run — Woodkid
Trend: Fix My Entire Life — September 16, 2022
Trend Recap: What's something that will instantly "solve" all your problems? Your morning coffee? A new budgeting template? A post-work run?
Whatever it is, this trend is simple and effective, with a dose of sarcasm.
FYI: The word "shit" is used in the audio, so if that isn't aligned with your brand, give this one a skip.
Audio: Original Sound — Braden Wellman
Trend: This Opportunity — September 9, 2022
Trend Recap: This audio comes courtesy of Harry Styles and it's perfect if you've got news to share. 
Use the audio to convince your audience about a cool opportunity or an event that’s of importance to you. 
Audio: Original Sound - Tik Toker 
ICYMI: You can schedule your TikTok content (saving you tons of time) using Later's scheduling tools. Create an account today:
Trend: Here We Are Again — September 9, 2022
Trend Recap: To share those “welp” moments, we recommend this Celine Dion audio. 
Use the viral sound to highlight something embarrassing, or a situation you swore you wouldn’t let happen again. 
Audio: Original Sound - joshmyburgh
Trend: In, Out — September 2, 2022
Trend Recap: Short on time? This trend is for you!
Simply capture a few seconds of video and use on-screen text to share a list of what's "in" and what's "out".
TIP: Don't be afraid to throw in a few hot takes to spark a conversation in the comments section.
Audio: A Drug From God - Chris Lake & NPC
Trend: Can We Get The Bill, Please? — September 2, 2022
Trend Recap: It's the little things in life.
Pair this audio with on-screen text and share what brings you joy — it can be as simple as running errands with an iced coffee in hand.
Audio: Original Sound - bluey
Trend: It's Corn — September 2, 2022
Trend Recap: If you've been scrolling through TikTok, there's a good chance this remix has been living in your mind, rent-free. 🌽
Want in on the hype? Use the track to talk about your favorite person, activity, or snack, instead of corn.
Audio: Corn but it becomes a song and unites world - schmoyoho
Want to schedule your TikTok content in advance? Later's scheduling tools have got you covered. Join over 7M brands, creators, and social media managers, and sign up today:
What's Trending on TikTok? — August 2022 Roundup
Discover the hottest trends on TikTok this month.
Trend: I'll Blow Up — August 26, 2022
Trend Recap: This trend is both an opportunity to flex a viral video and a clever way to repurpose content.
Post a clip of your viral video along with the trending audio, and when it gets to "I'll blow up," include a screenshot of its total view count. Simple, but effective.
Audio: Original Sound - Geometry Fox
Trend: Agitating, Grating Voice — August 26, 2022
Trend Recap: POV: You're having a great day...until you're confronted by your pet peeve.
This audio sums up a feeling we can all relate to. Use this trend to share a common inconvenience in your niche.
Audio: Original Sound - livinonthedancefloor
Trend: Best of Both Worlds — August 18, 2022
Trend Recap: This trend plays on the irony of two scenarios that are (in your opinion) equally horrible.
Use on-screen text to write out both scenarios, and take a video of yourself giving the thumbs up, dancing, or mouthing, "the best of both worlds."
Audio: Original sound — tatamsounds
Trend: I Could've Said That — August 18, 2022
Trend Recap: Using this audio clip from an interview with Ariana Grande, first share what you really wanted to say in a situation, and then share what you actually said instead.
Audio: Originalton — kida
Trend: Alright — August 10, 2022
Trend Recap: This trend is about moments when things went surprisingly well.
Share a time you discovered a game-changing hack or found yourself being unexpectedly applauded.
TIP: Use the slow zoom effect to really set the scene.
Audio: Gford._ gets no maidens - Savory_Sadisticpai
Schedule your TikTok videos in advance with Later's social media scheduling tools. Sign up today — for free:
Trend: Paparazzi — August 10, 2022
Trend Recap: Lady Gaga’s live rendition of “Paparazzi” is the perfect track to share what you’re the biggest fan of. 
From a TV show to the inventor of Shirley Temples, there are no wrong answers here!
Audio: Lady Gaga Paparazzivmaperformance - Lady Gaga
Trend: Behind These Hazel Eyes — August 10, 2022
Trend Recap: Kelly Clarkson’s nostalgic track, "Behind These Hazel Eyes" offers a hilarious opportunity to share habits you just can’t shake.
Pair the audio with a clip of you doing something you’re notorious for and watch the LOLs roll in.
Audio: Original Sound - nostalgia central🎶
Trend: August — August 5, 2022
Trend Recap: Taylor Swift’s “august” is making its rounds on TikTok, coinciding perfectly with the beginning of a new month.
Set your favorite summer memories to this track and live out your coastal grandmother dreams.
Audio: August - Taylor Swift
Trend: I’m Not Scared — August 5, 2022
Trend Recap: Set to a sped-up version of “Lions, Tigers & Bears“ by Jazmine Sullivan, this trend is a great way to relate to your audience over a shared fear or dislike.
Lip sync to the sound and add on-screen text to describe what gives you goosebumps.
Audio: Original Sound - ʚ ᵛᵅⁿⁿⁱᵉ ɞ
Trend: Uncomfortable Laugh — August 5, 2022
Trend Recap: Raise your hand if you’ve ever used laughter to hide your discomfort. 🙋
This relatable trend has TikTok users reenact a moment they’ve had to laugh their way out of an awkward situation.
Audio: Emma uncomfortable laugh - cuppy💀
FYI: Later is an approved TikTok Content Marketing Partner, meaning you can schedule your TikTok videos in advance — for free:
What's Trending on TikTok? — July 2022 Roundup
Discover the hottest trends on TikTok this month.
Trend: Betty (Get Money) — July 28, 2022
Trend Recap: Yung Gravy’s breakout hit, "Betty (Get Money)" is taking TikTok by storm. 
Everyone from Nina Dobrev to Martha Stewart is jumping on the trend, so why not take the audio out for a spin yourself?
Use it to unveil a before and after or to flex a cute OOTD!
Audio: Betty (Get Money) — Yung Gravy
Trend: Regina — July 28, 2022
Trend Recap: Be honest with yourself, what’s something you just can’t stop talking about?
Replace the word "Regina" and unveil your truth with the most fitting Mean Girls audio we ever did hear. 
Audio: Original Sound — Giuba
Trend: You Are Like Papa — July 22, 2022
Trend Recap: Using this audio clip from Stranger Things, share a relatable situation where you don't want to hear the consequences of your own actions.
Audio: Original Sound — editing.tutor
Trend: Margaritaville x Law and Order — July 14, 2022
Trend Recap: This mashup of Jimmy Buffet’s classic hit and Law and Order’s theme song is a remix we didn’t see coming.
Use the audio to re-enact a time when you weren’t sure how someone would respond — but it worked out in the end.
Audio: Original Sound - officialpaulacole
Trend: Sweet Disposition — July 14, 2022
Trend Recap: This stripped-down cover of The Temper Trap’s hit, “Sweet Disposition” by TikTok user @feelingblew is a total vibe. 
Sync your favorite clips to this track and make your life look like a movie.
Audio: Sweet Disposition FeelingBlew - Kaysie
Trend: Cool Kids — July 7, 2022
Trend Recap: Set to a sped-up version of Echosmith’s “Cool Kids”, this trend is all about showing off your progress.
Compare a childhood photo or video with your present-day, and see just how far you’ve come.
Audio: Cool Kids - Echosmith
Trend: No, Thanks — July 7, 2022
Trend Recap: Kourtney Kardashian's audio is the perfect opportunity to re-enact a moment when all you could think was, “nope”. 
In Later's version of the trend, we shared what it’s like for social media managers to get less-than-glowing feedback from their boss. 
Audio: No thanks - kuwtkclips0
Looking to take your TikTok strategy to the next level? Learn how to get viral reach and engagement with Later’s free 5-day TikTok course — sign up today!
What's Trending on TikTok? — June 2022 Roundup
Discover the hottest trends on TikTok this month.
Trend: Benny And The Jets x Chiquitita — June 29, 2022
Trend Recap: Remember when ABBA’s Chiquitita lived rent-free in our minds summer 2021? 
The viral song is making a comeback in this endlessly catchy ABBA and Elton John mashup. 
Use this audio to share travel montages, a fit check, or your latest photoshoot.
Audio: Benny and Chiquitita - reymifasol
Trend: Kim Kardashian’s “Guilty” – June 29, 2022
Trend Recap: We’re all guilty of having cringeworthy habits.
This audio from Kim Kardashian’s SNL skit offers an opportunity to be transparent about your not-so-shining moments.
Plus, being able to poke fun at yourself gives major relatability points.
Audio: Original Sound - quackitheestallion
Trend: “I Win” – June 29, 2022
Trend Recap: Life has a funny way of humbling you. 
Lip sync to the audio and use on-screen text to share a time when you felt on top of the world… and were quickly brought back down to earth.
Audio: Original Sound - qcrazy_storys_slimes
FYI: Later is an approved TikTok Content Marketing Partner, meaning you can schedule your TikTok videos in advance — for free:
Trend: Things People Have Said to Me — June 24, 2022
Trend Recap: Put on your dancing shoes!
It's time to show off some moves while poking fun at all of the questions you receive as an entrepreneur, creator, teacher, chef, social media manager — whatever your niche.
Warning: This trend contains flashes of light that could trigger seizures for people with visual sensitivities.
Audio: Original Sound — KyleAndJackieo
Trend: Feel No Ways — June 24, 2022
Trend Recap: This is a very specific trend, mixing Drake's "Feel No Ways" audio with the Horace filter, and using the text tool to spell out a time you "took one for the team."
Give it a whirl (quite literally), but if you can't make it work for your audience — that's okay, too!
Audio: Feel No Ways — Drake
Trend: "Um." — Wendy Williams — June 16, 2022
Trend Recap: Sometimes our emotions get the best of us, and this Wendy Williams moment perfectly captures that feeling.
Use the audio and re-enact a time when your feelings caught you off guard. For Later’s take on the trend, we couldn’t help but reminisce about Vine.
Audio: Original Sound – aaron.boden
Trend: I’m Gonna Live Forever — June 16, 2022
Trend Recap: Irene Cara’s “Fame” is both a certified bop and the background track to a hilarious trend.
If you gained five minutes of life every time you did a specific thing, which habit of yours would allow you to live forever?
Use this 80s throwback as your audio and let your personality shine.
Audio: Fame – Irene Cara
Trend: Credit Card Beep — June 16, 2022
Trend Recap: This "beep" sound is slowly heating up on the feed. Tap your "credit card" to each beep and share things you spend money on.
It works for every niche, so have fun with it!
Audio: Original Sound — dgraphqxx
With Later, you can schedule and auto-publish your TikTok videos in advance. Sign up today — for free.
Trend: Background Vibes — June 10, 2022
Trend Recap: This super simple trend is the perfect opportunity to share anything that's on your mind.
Want to brag about your favorite thing about yourself? Write it out. Offer advice? Share it. Have a POV you want to describe? That works too.
Audio: Sands - Lethilda
Trend: New Bombshell — June 10, 2022
Trend Recap: You know summer has arrived when Love Island sounds start going viral on TikTok.
The easiest way to hop on this trend is to think of something that you have done over and over again.
Film yourself waving and walking into a room, spell it out via text overlay, and you're as good as gold!
Audio: Hot New Bombsell - Love Island
Trend: I Am José Mourinho — June 3, 2022
Trend Recap: Know how to cheat the system? TikTok users are sharing their life hacks with this audio from soccer legend, José Mourinho.
Use this audio to share your clever (or not-so-clever) tricks.
Audio: Original Sound – gtikkytokky
Trend: That’s My Life — June 3, 2022
Trend Recap: This trend is all about obvious truths. Hint: Sarcasm works best here.
For our take on the trend, we spoke to the universally-shared experience of putting content into the world — only to get lost in the scroll. 
Audio: Original Sound – bbytreezy  
Trend: Every Day — June 3, 2022
Trend Recap: We all have our guilty pleasures. 
Hop on this trend by using on-screen text to ask, “How often do you…” and share something you do or think about every day. 
Audio: Original Sound — brandonkeithrogers
Looking to take your TikTok strategy to the next level? Learn how to get viral reach and engagement with Later’s free 5-day TikTok course — sign up today!
What's Trending on TikTok? — May 2022 Roundup
Discover the hottest trends on TikTok this month.
Trend: I'm Not Meant to Work  — May 27, 2022
Trend Recap: This trend hasn't gone viral *yet*, but it takes a spin on the idea of quitting your job and doing something else (aka easier) instead.
Simply use the audio, "Personally, I believe I'm not meant to work...I'm meant to do this all day." and show us something you'd rather be doing.
Audio: Original Sound — Grace :)
Trend: Night Changes  — May 27, 2022
Trend Recap: One Direction's "Night Changes" is making a comeback with this audio taken after a concert.
Use it for a vlog, day in the life, or a travel recap. All about the nostalgia.
Audio: The original clip's audio was uploaded by TikTok user @sleepyjsee, but the trending audio can be found at 1D Night Changes — Hoppih
Trend: Loop — May 20, 2022
Trend Recap: The loop trend is making its way back onto our For You pages.
It's where a video looks like it never stops, aka it's on a loop!
If you're like us, you've probably searched "How do I do the loop trend?!"
This tutorial from @managedbyskye is everything:
Audio: Original Sound - lord.xp
Ready to level-up your TikTok strategy? Plan, schedule, and auto-publish your TikTok videos in advance with Later. Sign up today for free.
Trend: The 60s — May 20, 2022
Trend Recap: This trend is all about nostalgia.
It's a simple one to jump in on — name a specific era and then reminisce with photos, videos, and on-screen text.
Audio: The 60s – Sharon Tate
Trend: One Thing About Me — May 13, 2022
Trend Recap: This super simple trend is the perfect opportunity to share your quirks.
The text-heavy format has TikTok users exposing their most unique personality trait paired with a smooth jazz track.
Audio: Summer Background Jazz - Jazz Background Vibes
Trend: Freaky Friday — May 13, 2022
Trend Recap: This callback to a 2000s favorite has us feeling all kinds of nostalgic. 
Set a timer for 4.4 seconds and open the door to reveal an outfit change.
TIP: You don’t have to dress up to use this transition — try switching into your gym gear, work uniform, or beach attire. 
Audio: Original Sound - sagerosen
Trend: 30 Thousand? — May 6, 2022
Trend Recap: The easiest way to hop on this trend is to think of something that takes 30 thousand hours or something that costs 30 thousand dollars.
Spell it out via text overlay to the tune of, "30 thousand?" and you're as good as gold!
Audio: Original Sound – @prestonisoverparty
Trend: About Damn Time — May 6, 2022
Trend Recap: The viral dance to this track may be taking over your For You page, but you don't need to whip out dance moves to get involved.
Use the track to showcase an outfit reveal, a weekend getaway, or a step-by-step tutorial!
Audio: About Damn Time – Lizzo
ICYMI: You can plan and schedule your social media posts in advance with Later. Sign up today – for free!
What's Trending on TikTok? – April 2022 Roundup
Discover the hottest trends on TikTok this month.
Trend: Laptop Presentation – April 29, 2022
Trend Recap: This trend takes a new spin on giving a “presentation”.
Start by giving your audience a little peek into what you're going to show, and then once the music starts, showcase your full montage.
Audio: Original Sound — v_torresr
Trend: Tiny Bee – April 29, 2022
Trend Recap: This trend is hilarious and it's taking TikTok by storm.
Use the "Tiny Bee" effect, pair it with the audio below, and include on-screen text of something you’re going to do — and no one can stop you. The funnier, the better.
Audio: Original Sound — Charlie Mosey
Trend: Ah! – April 20, 2022
Trend Recap: Who knew accidentally bumping against the corner of a bed could lead to such a viral sound?
This hilarious clip is gaining a ton of traction on the app, so get creative and put your own spin on it!
Audio: Original Sound — Kate
Trend: Wow Crazy – April 20, 2022
Trend Recap: Sarcasm is key to nailing this audio!
Use it to make an obvious statement, reminisce over something you did in the past, or note something that's bizarre.
Audio: Original Sound — CallmeBeba
Trend: As It Was – April 14, 2022
Trend Recap: Harry Style's voice is all over TikTok right now and this trend is reminiscent of #ThrowbackThursday.
Use the track to show how much you've changed over the years. And if you're a brand, why not show off how your logo or social feeds have levelled-up compared to 2019?
Audio: As It Was — Harry Styles
Trend: This Is Perfect – April 14, 2022
Trend Recap: There are two approaches to this trend — so choose whichever fits your brand!
In the first, you'll give a shout out to an ideal situation or scenario.
The second approach requires you to point out the irony of a situation. For example, "When the outfit I wanted to wear to my bday party arrives the day after 🥲"
Audio: Original Sound — Hope Schwing
Trend: Every Morning – April 8, 2022
Trend Recap: This trend is all about highlighting something that brings you joy every morning.
Use this sound, film a quick "before" segment, and then apply the "Rotoscope" effect when the beat drops and dance it out.
Audio: Never Dull Gypsy In My Mind
Trend: "He Might Be Talking to Prettier Girls, But..." – April 6, 2022
Trend Recap: This trend is all about championing your USP. Originally in the context of "He might be talking to prettier girls, but..." we've since seen brands (including Duo Lingo and Later) finding their own take on the trend.
Audio: Original Sound by Tayyyyyyy
Looking to take your TikTok strategy to the next level? Learn how to get viral reach and engagement with Later’s free 5-day TikTok course — sign up today!
And there you have it – the latest TikTok trends we’ve spotted on the feed.
Feeling inspired? This guide has 10 TikTok ideas for your next viral post – from storytelling tips to making your posts educational.  
FYI: You can plan and schedule all of your TikTok content in advance with Later! Sign up today and start posting:
Never Miss a Trend Again
Join over 1 million marketers to get social news, trends, and tips right to your inbox!
Email Address
About the Author
Monique Thomas
Content Marketing Specialist
Monique is Later's Editorial Content Marketing Manager. You can usually find her sipping matcha or adding another book to her TBR list. Say hi on Instagram — @wordsbymonique
Plan, schedule, and automatically publish your social media posts with Later.
Get Started
RELATED ARTICLES
TIKTOK BLOGS & RESOURCES
•
22 min read
The Ultimate Guide to TikTok Marketing
By Monique Thomas
TIKTOK BLOGS & RESOURCES
•
17 min read
28 Creative Brands on TikTok to Inspire Your Feed
By Erica Salvalaggio
TIKTOK BLOGS & RESOURCES
•
8 min read
10 TikTok Ideas For Your Next Viral Video Post
By Leslie Gamboni
Homepage
The best social media marketing platform & link in bio tool.
The most trusted enterprise influencer marketing management platform.
Company
About
Careers
Pricing
Newsroom
Mavrck
Platforms
Instagram
Facebook
TikTok
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Twitter
All Platforms
Tools
Linkin.bio
Content Creation
Hashtag Suggestions
Analytics
All Tools
Resources
Product Training
Product Pro Certification
Help Center
Community
Customer Stories
Blog
Marketing Resources
Social Selling
Influencer Marketing Platform
Social Media Glossary
Download
App Store
Google Play
Follow Us
Instagram
YouTube
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
TikTok
LinkedIn
Join Our Newsletter
Partnerships
Become a Partner
Pinterest Marketing Partners
© 2023 Later. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms
Sitemap
Crush your social media goals faster! Try Later for free.
Close banner
